You think about it
Then we will travel the world together
The sky is high and the sea is wide, let the birds fly
What a person with sky high and sea wide
how
Where do you want to fly?
Come on. Where do you want to fly?
This has nothing to do with you
Legs on himself
He can go wherever he wants
He's not one of your pets.
No need to complain to you
If you tell me to get out, I will get out.
I missed today.
You seal my flowers in your ears, don't you?
You still want to travel the world with him
I have raised you for 20 years
Are you still raising you?
But
He shouldn't have had a chance to take you away
What are you going to do? You'll find out soon enough.
I said you have to pay for disobedience
I was wrong.
I will never mention divorce again, don't make it difficult for you
Oops, Lan Lan is not in a hurry, Lan Lan is not in a hurry
It seems that your relationship with Private is really good
Personal affairs brother and sister are very kind to you, right?
Good enough to make you forget who you are
No, no, oops.
Ciyang booked this presidential suite for you
Are you living comfortably?
Did he stay overnight?
I compare with him
You are so particular